the decide oh here we go
my name is Roger Seidel I am your
YouTube idol it said that in seventh
grade and now I've got the title enacted
subscribers but back then I was viral
teleported to the top used an excel file
started making videos created are some
these got pretty popular now everybody's
making these never got paid and no I
will not charge your fees but hopefully
get paid one day so I can so doors as I
please
then there right there is really no one
like me runescape player watch my videos
and you'll see ever since I started they
name to quest after me because everybody
knows regicide is making history
hey man I think I know you from two new
show
well facepalm goes to show how much you
know been on YouTube longer than Bob
trying to sprout an afro and I'm still
here killing it
chaotic crossbow remarkable flow none of
my stats are low been rapping for a
minute while Lamar watches potatoes grow
I'm a nerd yes go to the gym no six-pack
ABS fighters torso feeling kind of lucky
now pull up a dice bag you should know
I've got guts watch me climb the aggro
crag never thought I'd make it big that
is why I don't wreck
now that pots are gone I'm experiencing
less lag people always told me that the
limit was the sky haters are the poison
I'm just drinking me and Ty I'll be
myself and only me until the day I die
of Kansas he's a runescape legend tell
me what the fuck am I
no one likes me no one likes me
get pop for my or Cindy I'll be out soon
I promise